# hello-world
Hello, my name is Kamilia and I'm CEO of ARBIDEX.
I have always been passionate about new technologies. Before launching Arbidex I used to work as Head of Liquidity Management Department for INVENT – one of the largest Russian energy holdings that include eight energy plants. We were managing millions of transactions every day and at some point, you start looking for more efficient ways to do that. Blockchain is no doubt undeniable technology, especially for those who are looking for a decentralized solution.
We have organized the biggest hackathon with the participation of Vitalik Buterin, and also a meeting at one of our major assets - a cable factory, where wediscussed how new technologies are changing the real economy. 
Meeting with Vitalik sparked my professional and creative development and I realized that we often livecaught in the grip of stereotypes like "too young to be genius", "too pretty to be a leader." 
So I decided to launch our cryptocurrency fund and we began to actively attract investors not afraid to move on and develop further.
One of the most attractive and promising areas of investments is cryptocurrency arbitrage. This business has been around since the beginning of last year as a private investment fund (Solidity fund).  We reinvested the company profit in the development of a mathematical algorithm. Since October 2017 we've been creating a stable system, where the automatic algorithm eliminates all the risks.

Arbitrage is as old as commodity trading in Mesopotamia. As the new digital currency quickly took market-share of the foreign exchange market, its recent volatility created truly unique opportunities. However, infrastructure of the crypto-market was not developed enough to allow participants take full advantage of it. This is where Arbidex solution comes in. We provide the opportunity for investors to trade via single account at different exchanges and completely automate arbitrage process to maximize their profit. Average return our investors earned last year is a 4-digit number. 
